hey what's up in this video I'm going to
tell you how you can get subscriptions
on Instagram before we get into this
video if you don't know what Instagram
subscriptions are tap right here to go
to a video that I made explaining what
they are now currently Instagram
subscriptions aren't something that you
necessarily unlock there's no way that
you can reach a certain number of
followers or do a certain action on
Instagram in order to earn subscriptions
with that being said though there are
five criteria that you have to meet in
order to be eligible for this feature
the first criteria is you have to have a
professional profile on Instagram this
means having either a business or a
Creator account which if you're trying
to grow on Instagram I highly recommend
having one of those too anyways number
two you have to follow Instagram's
Community guidelines and be in good
standing if you make a lot of posts that
get taken down or they get flagged for
any reason for misinformation for nudity
for graphic violence anything like that
and you are violating Instagram's
Community guidelines then you're not
likely to get this feature number three
you have to make sure that you meet
Instagram's monetization policies these
are something that are a little bit more
flexible but they are similar to The
Community guidelines and these please do
update regularly depending on what
countries Instagram can currently
monetize in speaking of the countries
that have monetization the fourth
criteria that you have to meet is
currently you have to live in the United
States at least at the time of recording
this Instagram said that they are
rolling out Instagram subscriptions to
all us-based creators and they are
testing subscriptions in the United
Kingdom in Canada and in Australia for
everyone else around the world I know it
sucks but you're probably just going to
have to wait for Instagram to make these
things available in your country and not
to come to Instagram's defense here but
just so you know the reason for this is
that Instagram is a us-based company so
of course it makes sense it's easiest
for them to pay us-based creators and
it's more difficult for them to pay
creators in other countries because you
deal with other laws taxes and currency
exchanges I'm not making excuses for
them but that's the truth and then the
fifth thing that you can do to get this
feature is just make sure that your app
and your phone are up to date I know
it's nothing special but just make sure
that your software you're running on is
totally up to the most latest software
it if you meet all five of those
criteria and you still don't have
Instagram subscriptions unfortunately
there's nothing you can do besides wait
pray and hope that you get Instagram
subscriptions again there's no special
number of followers you don't need to
post a certain number of reels you don't
need to be more or less active you don't
need to get a certain amount of
Engagement it's really just like any
other new feature on Instagram where it
takes time for it to reach every single
user there are billions of Instagram
users using thousands of different
devices I mean even myself I can use
Instagram on my phone I can use it on my
computer I can use it on my spare phone
and so just myself I have four different
profiles operating on three different
devices that means that every time
Instagram comes out with a new feature
it has to be optimized to fit on every
single device and within every single
type of profile so it takes some time
and at the end of the day Instagrams
software Engineers are only human and so
I know it's frustrating but just be
patient and eventually Instagram
subscriptions should be available for
you as well